README.md, before:

node-tip-bot-twitter is an open-source node.js twitter bot for tipping with altcoins. 

# Instalation
To install node-tip-bot simply clone this repo and install dependencies:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/gameunits/node-tip-bot-twitter
cd node-tip-bot-twitter
npm install
```
After installation proceed to the configuration.

# Configuration
To configure, copy the `config/config.sample.yml` file to `config/config.yml`.

## twitter
Create an application at dev.twitter.com and fill in your keys.
* **consumer_key: ''
* **consumer_secret: ''
* **access_token_key: ''
* **access_token_secret: '' 

## log
Logging settings.
* **file** - file to log to. Set to `false` to disable logging to file.

## rpc
JSON RPC API connection info.
* **host** - JSON RPC API hostname
* **port** - API port (by default 1337)
* **user** - API username
* **pass** - API password (keep that secure)

## coin
Basic coin settings.
* **withdrawal_fee** - fee charged on withdraw to cover up txfee, the rest goes to bot's wallet.
* **min_withdraw** - minimum amount of coins to withdraw
* **min_confirmations** - minimum amount of confirmations needed to tip/withdraw coins
* **min_tip** - minimum amount of coins to tip

# How to run it?
Before running the bot, you have to be running your coin daemon with JSON-RPC API enabled. To enable, add this to your coin daemon configuration file (eg. `~/.gameunits/gameunits.conf`):
```ini
server=1
daemon=1
rpcuser=<your username>
rpcpassword=<your super secret password>
rpcallowip=<your bot's ip address or just 127.0.0.1 if hosted on the same machine>
```
To run the bot simply use `node bin/tipbot` or `npm start`.

## Commands
Commands are executed by placing gameunits <command> <arguments> in a tweet.

| **Command** | **Arguments**     | **Description**
|-------------|-------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------
| `balance`   |                   | displays your current wallet balance
| `address`   |                   | displays address where you can send your funds to the tip bot
| `withdraw`  | `<address>`       | withdraws your whole wallet balance to specified address
| `tip`       | `<nick> <amount>` | sends the specified amount of coins to the specified nickname
| `help`      |                   | displays configured help message (by default similiar to this one)
| `terms`     |                   | displays terms and conditions for using the tip bot

Commit message:

Changed README.md to explain more about LBC
Perhaps this entire readme should be updated? I just edited the start, just in case you wanted to keep the rest, but I feel it'd be better to replace the readme entirely.

README.md, after:

This is a fork of node-tip-bot-twitter, an open-source node.js twitter bot for tipping with altcoins. 
In particular, this fork is for [LBC](https://lbry.io/). LBRY.io, the network behind it, describes
itself as:

```
...a free, open, and community-run digital marketplace.
You own your data. You control the network. Indeed, you are the network.
Hollywood films, college lessons, amazing streamers and more are on the first media network ruled by you.
```

If you want to get started with LBRY.io, go to https://lbry.io/get. If you wish to set up your own twitter
tip bot, it may be more beneficial to start with the [original node-tip-bot-twitter](https://github.com/gameunits/node-tip-bot-twitter).

# Installation
To install node-tip-bot simply clone this repo and install dependencies:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/gameunits/node-tip-bot-twitter
cd node-tip-bot-twitter
npm install
```
After installation proceed to the configuration.

# Configuration
To configure, copy the `config/config.sample.yml` file to `config/config.yml`.

## twitter
Create an application at dev.twitter.com and fill in your keys.
* **consumer_key: ''
* **consumer_secret: ''
* **access_token_key: ''
* **access_token_secret: '' 

## log
Logging settings.
* **file** - file to log to. Set to `false` to disable logging to file.

## rpc
JSON RPC API connection info.
* **host** - JSON RPC API hostname
* **port** - API port (by default 1337)
* **user** - API username
* **pass** - API password (keep that secure)

## coin
Basic coin settings.
* **withdrawal_fee** - fee charged on withdraw to cover up txfee, the rest goes to bot's wallet.
* **min_withdraw** - minimum amount of coins to withdraw
* **min_confirmations** - minimum amount of confirmations needed to tip/withdraw coins
* **min_tip** - minimum amount of coins to tip

# How to run it?
Before running the bot, you have to be running your coin daemon with JSON-RPC API enabled. To enable, add this to your coin daemon configuration file (eg. `~/.gameunits/gameunits.conf`):
```ini
server=1
daemon=1
rpcuser=<your username>
rpcpassword=<your super secret password>
rpcallowip=<your bot's ip address or just 127.0.0.1 if hosted on the same machine>
```
To run the bot simply use `node bin/tipbot` or `npm start`.

## Commands
Commands are executed by placing gameunits <command> <arguments> in a tweet.

| **Command** | **Arguments**     | **Description**
|-------------|-------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------
| `balance`   |                   | displays your current wallet balance
| `address`   |                   | displays address where you can send your funds to the tip bot
| `withdraw`  | `<address>`       | withdraws your whole wallet balance to specified address
| `tip`       | `<nick> <amount>` | sends the specified amount of coins to the specified nickname
| `help`      |                   | displays configured help message (by default similiar to this one)
| `terms`     |                   | displays terms and conditions for using the tip bot
